c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.dll.config
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.pdb
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Data.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Domain.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Domain.pdb
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Data.pdb
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\obj\Debug\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\obj\Debug\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\obj\Debug\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.pdb
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Service.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Service.pdb
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\jefferson.silv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.dll.config
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.pdb
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Service.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\OAuthServer.Utils.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Data.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\OAuthServer.Utils.pdb
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Service.pdb
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\bin\Fleetmatics.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\obj\Debug\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\obj\Debug\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson.Silv\Source\Repos\Fleetmatics\WebApi\obj\Debug\Fleetmatics.OauthApi.pdb
